# MadLibz


## User Story

```
AS A person with access to the internet
WHO has time to kill
OR is at a gathering of friends (remember those?)
I WANT to use random generation to play MadLibz
SO THAT I am entertained and met with good timez
```

## Acceptance Criteria

```
GIVEN a MadLibz dashboard 
WHEN I input a group of words (nouns, verbs, adjectives, etc.)
OR I select to have the words randomly-generate
THEN I am presented with a short story with those words
THEN laughs & good times ensue 
**Bonus**
WHEN I am amused by a particular story
THEN I have the option to save the story
```

# Application Functionality (MVP)
1. Start page with title, start button and max word count (if we can get the word count to work TBD)

(1a. We should consider a button to pull the last story generated from local storage in addtion to the start button)

2. When the start button is clicked, a page with user input feilds is generated with the appropriate number of feilds based on the random story that was generated by the API.

3. Each input feild should display the type of word the user should enter.

4. Each input feild should have the option to generate a random word (we need to figure out how specific words API will get since not all possible entries are a verb, noun, or adejective)

5. A button at the bottom of the page to generate the story.

6. When the generate story button is clicked, a new page should render the user's story based on the words the entered or the random word that was genreated.

7. The words should be populated into the story in the correct order.

8. The story should be saved to local storage.

9. A clear or start over button should return the user to the homepage. (Should we have a button to pull the previous saved story from local storage on the first page or the last page? or both?)

10. Incorporate agile software development?
